cold currents are sweeping along the
coast of Florida and with them come gray
mullet on their migration to their
spawning grounds in the south
[Music]
millions of them and packed so tightly
they stay in the water like an oil slick
few people on the beach are even aware
of them
[Music]
the mullet keep us close to the shore as
possible for in deeper water there are
predators toast to the beach they have
to keep clear of human swimmers but now
hunters from the open ocean have
detected them
topple over two meters long and weighing
over a hundred kilograms
to get close to the mullet and the
shallows the top on turn on their sides
now the mullet can't see their shining
silver flanks until it's too late
and feast it and begins
black-tipped shark arrived
pelicans join in
but these attacks have little effect on
the immense shows the mullet outnumber
their enemies by ten thousand to one
you